hold on hold on here I come hold on hold
on hold on hold on hold on
hey so real quick I'm tired of getting
made fun of for the backgrounds in my
videos not by you you guys are super
nice mainly by my wife so we're fixing
that still not the best audio but we're
fixing the backgrounds today I'm going
to show you how to turn this into the
pitch this watch this why don't you work
this into this into this into this it's
better right right cue the intro
[Music]
I'm like some poor man Peter MacKinnon
at best geez
first of all we need to get a new memory
card for this camera so I leave a minute
worth of time left
what's up Browncoats I'm Brendon Hufford
if you're new here I'm just a regular
guy I've sold to online businesses I
quit my teaching job to pursue a
full-time career in online marketing and
helping clients get more leads sales and
conversions from SEO and sometimes like
in this case I make videos about making
videos in this video you'll learn how I
made this behind me plus I'll do a
breakdown of other Creators backgrounds
as well as my evolution I'll share at
least two creators definitely one maybe
two creators YouTube creators that
you've never seen before
and I'll also breakdown their video
background and what I'm talking about
backgrounds I'm not talking about like
inspiring views and mountains and
traveling you're like president I can't
replicate this I can't do this look I
just made this from stuff laying around
my house I think I went out and bought a
couple lights it's less than twenty
dollars it doesn't have to be that fancy
it's a fake IKEA plant right there I
don't know in the 4-hour workweek
because of course so I'm a student of
the game
I love YouTube why am i yelling
I I don't know anyways I noticed that
all my favorite creators had the coolest
background it's not like inspiring
mountains or anything like scenic and
majestic whatever just like interesting
stuff like behind their head when they
were just talking to the camera and I
want to inspire you to be able to do the
same to make the same for your videos
and also I want to break down the top
creators videos so we can aspire to be
maybe more like them if there's
something in their video you're like oh
that's cool I want something like that
so before we get to my breakdown and
like how I put this together on
absolutely zero budget I want to break
down these top YouTube creators since
you're still watching make sure you
subscribe give it a thumbs up if this
has been even helpful so far let's get
it oh and I guess we should mention that
I this was clearly filmed later when I'm
done and back when I did it I had a
beard and not this crazy silly mustache
so maybe that will matter to I don't
know either way we're gonna have fun so
the first create I want to do a
breakdown of is Roberto Blake
when I love about Roberto is in his
backgrounds there's always something
like very on
it's very Star Wars it's very nerdy so
even look as he changes here goes into
this new background you can see like
it's still Star Wars he's very on brand
he has a little group well you can see
the background it's very evident like
I'm a video creator I got gary
vaynerchuk's book here but it's in focus
so you can see it it's not blurred out
it's not supposed to be like very
bouquet and blurry in the background so
you can see here even the proto changes
it up sometimes here he's filming you
know inside of a room I don't know if
this is like his a hotel room or
whatever you can see he's taking
advantage of the window light he's not
using his regular setup the background
is very neutral he doesn't have all of
his usual stuff back there I know in his
other videos he'll have books and things
what I love about the background for
Roberto is it's very often on brand I
think it's cool that he's moving maybe
away a little bit from what he's done in
the past with regards to the background
next somebody who I've always loved the
backgrounds of kc9 staff so Casey's
studio and what I love about him is his
studio is like a character in all of his
films whether he's talking to the camera
or anything else like that the studio is
a character it's alive it has parts it
has a voice it has all of these
different things he uses the background
of his studio to tell a story similarly
to how I want to tell a story with the
backgrounds my videos now we can't all
expect to have a background like this I
know him and his assistants have
probably spent hundreds if not a
thousand hours on this but everything
tells a story the outline of the tool is
everything in its place like the level
of organization and thoughtfulness and
the design really tells you a lot about
the Creator but similarly the goal with
my background again is to have some sort
of character to have something else to
interact with something else that tells
a story about me more than just what I'm
saying into the camera up next our third
creator that we're gonna take a look at
is Zack Raymond now I'm not really sure
if it's you say Zacks last name rainylin
or Rommel on I've heard one person
homeland I've always in my head read it
as Rommel on I don't know
Zack I'm super sorry you make some of
the dopest ever and I absolutely
love what you do so let's take a look at
Zacks backgrounds sometimes you'll see
Zack is able to use really good
effective window light to get a really
cool effect he also does a really
interesting like blurred background his
depth of field is really shallow maybe
thin is the wrong word because I don't
really know what I'm talking about
but it's interesting is he moves forward
no way like he doesn't have a lot of
movement in his videos because typically
that things go out of focus really
really fast Zack wants himself in focus
and everything else to have that sort of
bouquet that blur effect what I love is
when Zack does interior shots when he
does a talking into the camera video
something inside he does really cool
stuff with light whether it's just these
lamps in the background that you saw a
second ago or even just putting a light
box on the ground here in the background
that little thing on the ground is
literally a light box plugged into the
wall with a sweatshirt or something
thrown over it and then he kind of
changes that up from time to time so you
still see he's using that under lighting
the whole background is kind of blurred
out but again this tells us toilet those
are his photos on the wall everything
there is extremely thought like he's
extremely thoughtful in his backgrounds
up next he vaunted I don't even know
that's right word the vaulty Peter
McKinnon I love Peter McKinnon he's so
fun what I love most about Peter is he
actually talks about his backgrounds and
he teaches about it kind of what I'm
trying to put together here if you check
the description below there's a playlist
of all of the videos you're seeing here
in full form so you can watch them all
in a row and get a lot of good ideas
what I love about Peter is the use of
Lights so whereas you saw Zack would use
like a big light box and these really
cool big blurs Peter uses really small
light bulbs almost like these edit
really cool maybe they're LED like
edison style bulbs to get really
interesting effects in the background
who's also using here a computer monitor
that I think is really helpful gives you
again a cool effect it also kind of
tells that story of like I am this is
what I edit my videos on this is where I
work things like that then this he's
moved into his new studio you can see
he's done some really interesting things
with just like the neon sign in the
background the like all of the different
parts everything's super thoughtful and
everything in the background whether you
can see they're not we can really only
see the neon sign but there's so much in
his background that is there that tells
a story about him the lightsaber the
coffee the walking dead figurine like
it's just it all tells you more about
him up next I want to share with you a
crater you probably have never heard of
because he doesn't focus on video and
teaching about video and photography so
this my friends is Dave Chesson what's
really cool here is that we're gonna
trace through a progression of his video
so you can see like he had originally
this really a good background then he
gets a little bit better so things are a
little more blurred out but now the logo
is lit up so you can see it but it looks
a little awkward still using the blue
light behind the shelves now this is the
best version you can see everything is
framed incredibly well he's really in
focus the blue light has kind of really
you know everything looks blue in there
he's lost that kind of yellow glow that
he had earlier I think this is some of
Dave's best record it what's really cool
is you can trace through one two three
you can see the different progression
through Dave's videos and this is what
you should have in your videos as well
and probably what I'll have in mind
alright so step one get the books where
I want them I think I'm gonna take most
of the books off and then get lights I
think we have enough plugs and outlets
back there is there anything else from
those videos that you saw that you're
like oh we definitely need that or like
think about that but here's the thing
it's like this is all you're gonna be
able to see in the background I use a
thirty-five millimeter lens and like it
doesn't have a super wide angle to it I
also notice I still look at the view off
to the side but it doesn't have a super
wide shot so we're not going to get a
ton of these bookshelves into battle you
could see the difference as I switch
between you know my iPhone and this like
what the difference is just in
perspective like you can literally see
the difference between these two shots
of camera iPhone camera iPhone camera
iPhone camera
I switched I messed that up at some
point so what happens is that because
it's so much narrower there's not a lot
that I can do with the lighting the
background but I still want to have a
super interesting background so you can
see like I already started clearing off
one shelf right here but the point is
like you can't even really tell what the
books even are these books are all super
important to me and I want the
background of my videos too similar to a
Peter McKinnon or a KC nice dad or is
that Rommel on like I want the
background of my videos Matt do Vala
does a great job of this with a
background is also a character right
it's a character in the video so what
that means
I'm gonna need to do a better job of
minimizing what's back there so it
stands out a little more even though my
fat head takes up most of the screen so
now you can see the Lighting's getting a
little bit better I didn't do anything
special I just simply turned all the
lights off there's still a little bit of
ambient light coming from a window right
there I might cover that up
I might not I kind of like it all you
must turn off all the lights and I put a
lamp with no lampshade on it just right
next to my face here kind of gives that
like light on one side dark on the other
side and I really like that look so this
is kind of step one as far as not even
lighting the background just how I'm
lighting things the shelves are cleared
off and we're gonna start adding things
back in a little bit more thoughtfully
as opposed to the hot mess that it was
before again I want all of everything
back there to be intentional so the
lights are pretty cool I'm gonna play
around with a couple different things
we'll see how those look will also be a
little bit more thoughtful on what books
I have there because I want the books to
matter even though you can't really see
them still important to me we went to
Target we went to Menard got some light
and light as an old lampshade doesn't
matter just these little lights to go
behind the see how we're kind of
building this here in the background
here I have this really cool show some
close-ups here of like the really cool
like little it's actually a candle
warmer this is the 4-hour workweek we
got the some of my Chuck Palahniuk books
he's definitely my favorite author in
the world all-time maybe Ryan holiday
salat I don't have any Ryan holiday
books oh I do actually have one let me
let's let's add that I can't find my
copy about school is the way believe it
or not like probably one of my favorite
books of all time gone no idea where did
find some more Chuck Palahniuk books
can I keep feeling this in here in the
back here in a second but what I really
wanted to show you is just like how I'm
putting this together
hopefully it's helpful for you to see it
again like having something to say
matters found it freaking freaking put
it in focus for a night found it so
excited I don't know like you can't can
you even see can you even see what those
are does it even matter I don't know but
it it matters I don't even know if it
matters this matters so much so much to
me like obstacles the way is there now
all over the place by Geraldine Arun
is there now like I'm so happy that like
this things in my background if you
recognize them you're like ah I'm with
Brendan like we sit at the same lunch
table we're on the same team your
background can have all of those kind of
effects I'm gonna try one one last thing
to see if we can kick up the background
a little bit more and that is simply
these these Christmas lights these mini
lights I'm gonna put them up behind the
books so you haven't even bother
moving the rest that when I put them up
behind these books I still got to put
something on this bottom shelf here but
we'll figure that out in a second I just
want to see what happens when I
backlight the books a little bit so
simply just putting some of those
Christmas lights over there behind it
makes all the difference not like let's
look here's me you can see it's a little
bit more blurred out when I sit down and
like focuses back on me right I love
like this little glow over here just
makes me super happy that's so great
now not not so thrilled about this light
anymore let's let's see what we can do
about that so that's a little more
intense
I guess so here it's close further away
now now it's like super freaky like
there's a light bulb like right there
that's that's uncomfortable and terrible
maybe it looks great I don't know we'll
see I want to try one thing I bought
some gel filters never played with these
before I change the color of it a little
bit let's see what happens when I try
some different gels now it's like a
purpley light and now it's like more of
a red light all right so mustache
Brendon back again I hope this was super
helpful for you I hope that breaking
down Zack I'm still gonna screw his
name's a crema and Zack ramble on i film
ramble on Zack help help please
Casey's Peters Dave's kind of how he
evolved in his backgrounds of his videos
I think he's a stellar like one of the
best examples I'm glad to be able to
share that with you excite know Dave and
I love him in my evolution as well to
kind of get to this and this is going to
continue to evolve like I'm so excited
to change these books right and see if
anybody recognizes what books they are I
always looked at my monitors like right
over here so I'm like looking at that
all the time it's a problem so I want to
be able to show you this evolution I
wanna be able to have cool stuff in the
background and I just have something to
say you should always have something to
say in everything that you do and I'm
gonna keep harping on that every single
part of your videos even if they're
poorly edited they have bad audio like
this one like whatever it's the message
matters more than anything and try to be
super thoughtful in everything that you
do
[Music]
again make sure to subscribe we're
making a lot more videos on digital
marketing videos SEO I'll probably even
make something about how I quit my
teaching job because there's a couple
videos my channel that are getting tons
of traction about that if that sounds
like something you want please subscribe
give this video a thumbs up if it's been
helpful and if you decide to use any of
the ideas from this video please let me
know in the comments below I genuinely
want to hear what was helpful about this
video for you until next time and I've
been bred and huffard don't get to work
hard be nice people and don't get to
laws trying to create something that
matters oh hey oh hey real quick I
wanted to add something so this video
looks a little bit different than the
behind the scenes stuff that I was doing
the making of right you can notice it's
a different level of what Maddie and
Peter McKinnon call that that's sweet
sweep okay behind me that's because this
what I'm filming on now is an 18 to 55
millimeter I think what does it say on
it yeah 18 to 55
it's the kit lens it's what came with
the camera alright and what I was
filming on before was this 35 millimeter
lens it's fixed it doesn't zoom in and
out I have to like move my camera and
that gives me a different level of like
how essentially how big I am in the
screen and also how blurred out the
background is I like this a little
better because I fit a little better in
the screen and also you can kind of see
what some of these books are like
everything back to like I said is really
intentional anyways all my videos are
edited in iMovie everything has been
previously shot on except for one video
shot on my iPhone like you can do this
this is just kit stuff this is basic
entry-level technology you don't have to
be a master at any of this you can do it
with the basic stuff I just want to
inspire you to be able to do that in
your own videos so if you're like hey
this looks good just use the kit lens if
you want to upgrade do the 35 millimeter
and see what works best for you I'm I'm
not gonna do I'm not gonna do the outro
again but right there we go